feat(onboarding): Add replay and performance docs for browser javascript (#6840)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/javascript/with-error-monitoring-and-performance.md

---
name: Browser JavaScript
doc_link: https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/
support_level: production
type: language
---

## Install

Sentry captures data by using an SDK within your application’s runtime.

```bash
# Using yarn
yarn add @sentry/browser
# Using npm
npm install --save @sentry/browser
```

## Configure

Initialize Sentry as early as possible in your application's lifecycle.

```javascript
import * as Sentry from '@sentry/browser';

Sentry.init({
  dsn: '___PUBLIC_DSN___',

>   integrations: [new Sentry.BrowserTracing()],
>   // Performance Monitoring
>   tracesSampleRate: 1.0, // Capture 100% of the transactions, reduce in production!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  integrations: [new Sentry.BrowserTracing(), new Sentry.Replay()],
  // Set tracesSampleRate to 1.0 to capture 100%
  // of transactions for performance monitoring.
  // We recommend adjusting this value in production
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
  // Capture Replay for 10% of all sessions,
  // plus for 100% of sessions with an error
  replaysSessionSampleRate: 0.1,
  replaysOnErrorSampleRate: 1.0,
```
